[tile] Add documentation for CUDA C++ tile mode (#8865)
NVIDIA/cccl: docs/libcudacxx/tile.rst

.. _libcudacxx-tile-api:

CUDA Tile support
==================

> CUDA Tile introduces a new way to program GPUs at a higher level than SIMT.

Reviewer: Suggestion: link to any web resource telling the reader more about Tile.

Author: Added a link to https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda/tile#section-more-resources

We generally support most features in tile mode such as

    - ``cuda::std::array``
    - ``cuda::std::expected``
    - ``cuda::std::initializer_list``
    - ``cuda::std::optional``
    - ``cuda::std::pair``
    - ``cuda::std::span``
    - ``cuda::std::tuple``
    - ``cuda::std::variant``

There are some limitations described below

Restrictions
------------

> With the compiler handling memory and threading there are a number of restrictions in a tile program

Reviewer: This reads a bit repetitive. Maybe:

```suggestion
Restrictions
------------

With the compiler taking more control over memory and threading there are a number of restrictions in a tile program:
```

> C++ Threading support

Reviewer: Maybe:

```suggestion
C++ Concurrency support
```
